OSDOCS-20972 [NETOBSERV] 1.12.2 release (#117094)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-create-cluster-role-bindings-custom-namespace.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/network_observability/configuring-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-create-cluster-role-bindings-custom-namespace_{context}"]
= Create cluster role bindings for a custom namespace

[role="_abstract"]
Create cluster role bindings for the Network Observability Operator service accounts when you deploy in a namespace other than the default `netobserv` namespace.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Do not modify the existing default bindings. They are overwritten during operator upgrades. Create new bindings as shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not modify the existing default bindings. They are overwritten during Operator upgrades. Create new bindings as shown.
```
Operator always capped in OpenShift

====

.Prerequisites

* The Network Observability Operator is installed.
* You have `cluster-admin` privileges.
* You configured `spec.namespace` in the `FlowCollector` resource to a namespace other than `netobserv`.

.Procedure

. Replace `<namespace>` with the namespace you configured in `spec.namespace` of the `FlowCollector` resource.

> .. Create the informers cluster role binding by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Create the `netobserv-informers-custom` role binding by running the following command:
```
are we creating the or the binding, or both? verbiage a little confusing when i look at the command

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create clusterrolebinding netobserv-informers-custom \
  --clusterrole=netobserv-informers \
  --serviceaccount=<namespace>:flowlogs-pipeline \
  --serviceaccount=<namespace>:flowlogs-pipeline-transformer
----

> .. Create the Loki writer cluster role binding by running the following command:

Reviewer: same Q here

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create clusterrolebinding netobserv-lokiwriter-custom \
  --clusterrole=netobserv-loki-writer \
  --serviceaccount=<namespace>:flowlogs-pipeline \
  --serviceaccount=<namespace>:flowlogs-pipeline-transformer
----

.. Create the host network cluster role binding by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create clusterrolebinding netobserv-hostnetwork-custom \
  --clusterrole=netobserv-hostnetwork \
  --serviceaccount=<namespace>:flowlogs-pipeline
----

.. Create the token review cluster role binding by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create clusterrolebinding netobserv-tokenreview-custom \
  --clusterrole=netobserv-token-review \
  --serviceaccount=<namespace>:netobserv-plugin
----

.Verification

. Check the `FlowCollector` status for errors by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get flowcollector cluster -o jsonpath='{.status.conditions}'

Reviewer: is there a hard line wrap on this one?
